This'll be one of those days
that follow you to the grave.
If either one of you
want to walk.
- I won't hold it against you.
- We're with you.
- How does this happen?
- Foot-and-mouth.
It's got to be the new bull.
Cattle broker.
he fucked us. baby.
All the vet paperwork? Forged.
I don't know how
we're gonna tell Carter.
You're the prettiest woman
I've ever seen.
Carter has a pure heart.
If you fuck with it.
I will make your life
a living hell.
- What's your day rate. chief?
- Whatever you're paying.
Let's scoot.
I named her Xena.
after the Warrior Princess.
Someone at the 10-Petal
knows more than they're saying.
That's a pretty serious accusation.
Yeah. well.
so is disappearing a man.
Let me take over.
Let me do the job for you.
I wish I could. Kino.
Wish I could.
You sold me a sick bull.
You got 30 seconds to get
the fuck out of Rio Paloma.
and if I ever fucking see
your face again. you're dead.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Sure is quiet. isn't it?
It ain't a ranch
without a herd. sweetheart.
We'll fill these pastures
again one day.
Might just take us a minute.
that's all.
Yeah.
Carter still hasn't
spoken to me.
I should have told him.
You ought to just give him
some time. He'll come around.
You sure about this?
Honey. it'll pay the bills
and put food on the table.
Till we come up with a plan.
We'll come up with a plan.
- I love you.
- Love you.
All right.
That's Beulah's son Joaquin.
None of them are easy.
but he's reasonable.
Morning. Joaquin.
This is Rip Wheeler.
Beulah wants to meet him.
She expecting you?
We didn't fix a time.
but I ain't ever caught
your mother off guard.
Huh. Come on in.
Never ceases to amaze. the...
the shit wealthy waste
their wealth on.
Yeah.
She wants to speak
with you. Alone.
Okay.
Godspeed.
I'll wait for you in the truck.
I don't normally
take meetings at this hour.
Well. Everett mentioned that
I might be able to help you.
Oh.
Uh. I hear you managed
the Yellowstone.
Yes. ma'am. 25 years.
Uh-huh. Then you bought
the Edwards Ranch
with the Dutton girl?
- My wife Beth. Yeah.
- Ah.
It's good land.
it's better cattle.
- Sit down.
- Thank you.
You ever foreman'd
two properties?
All due respect. ma'am.
your ranch
and my ranch put together
ain't a quarter
of what the Yellowstone is.
So. you're a man
with an appetite.
Nah. I'm just a man
that likes to work.
Well. that's
an attractive quality.
If you don't mind me asking.
who is. uh. Rob-Will?
My son. Y'all have met?
Briefly. yeah. Yeah.
Well. let's just say
he's on an indefinite vacation.
What else did Everett tell you?
- Which part?
- About me needing help.
Oh. uh...
He mentioned that
your current foreman...
these are his words. of course...
"is a fucking idiot."
Ah. McKinney. He doesn't
pull punches. does he?
No. ma'am. he doesn't.
Well...
...we got 75.000 acres.
about 2.200 head.
Mexican crossbreed.
We sell to big-box retailers.
but...
mismanagement has been
a bit of a bugaboo of late.
Well. would you like me
to fix your problem?
Well. I wonder. can you?
If it's ranching. I can.
Yes. ma'am.
My margins have grown
razor-thin.
I need someone
who implements efficiency.
A man who works smarter.
not just harder.
Well. I can do both.
I like a tight-lipped ship.
Rio Paloma loves to gossip.
Well. ma'am. other people's
business. it ain't mine.
Well. few names are
as revered as John Dutton's.
I suppose if you worked
for him for 25 years.
- you can work for anyone.
- Hmm.
I also know that.
despite its tragic end.
the Yellowstone was not
a three-ring circus.
No. I wouldn't allow it.
Do whatever it takes
to get my ranch in order.
and I'll pay you handsomely.
not just with my money
but with my loyalty.
Hmm.
I'll be here at 4:30 a.m.
Pleasure to meet you.
Ms. Jackson.
You know this isn't
our only option.
I could make some calls.
Dallas. New York.
I could be earning
within a month.
But I'd be gone.
No.
I don't want that. darling.
I want you next to me.
Well. I'm always next to you.
I'll see you in a bit. sweetie.
Who is that?
Yeah. who the fuck are you?
We got calves to wean.
Get your gear together
and get your asses
in the saddle.
Y'all got ten minutes.
Wait. I know you.
From the gas station.
This is fucking bullshit.
- Ma'am?
- Yeah?
Horses are cared for.
Anything else I can do?
You can stop calling me "ma'am."
- I've got a name.
- Oh. okay.
Just know
that no work's beneath me.
- He'd have liked you.
- Who?
My dad.
Sure would've liked
to have met him.
Want one?
Got one.
Not much of a ranch anymore.
Thank you.
I keep looking for the herd.
You know.
like they're still here.
Take away something
you see every day...
...sun. birds.
wind even...
...brain can't quite catch up.
Was it 15 years you were inside?
It's a long fucking time.
What'd you miss the most?
Lots of things.
But mostly. the peace and quiet
of a lonely night.
Yeah. I'd miss that.
Not sure I'm meant
for peace. though.
Me. neither.
But they say
God's ways are mysterious.
Yeah.
Mystery's right out there.
For me. anyway.
Right here.
Land's as good a God as any.
Maybe better.
We keep looking. then.
Keep trying. that's for sure.
Hey. whatever you're working on
over there. Beth...
...I hope it works.
It fucking better.
Go on. start turning them out.
- Hey!
Hey!
Go. keep turning them back.
let's go!
Come on. Come on!
Out of my way.
Find the gate.
Hey!
Hey.
Fucking son of a bitch
doesn't know what spiderweb
he just walked into.
Man. it was past time
to wean these calves.
Fuck. Tommy. you think
- I didn't know that?
- Quit fucking talking
and go get them pairs.
Ah. yes. sir.
Hey!
Thought you could use
a little pick-me-up.
It's not too soon?
Nah. Some days.
too soon's all we got.
Okay. girl. There you go.
- How is she?
- She's doing great.
You know. like you said.
this girl's got spirit.
You got it. you got it.
There you go.
Oh.
There you go. Good job.
Good girl. Good girl.
Come on.
Ugh.
Oh. my God.
How many will she eat?
Uh. as many
as you feed her. but...
Dwight limits her to two a day.
You're damn straight.
Who the hell
wants a fat leopard?
Hey. biggun.
You sure you don't want
one of these cold boys?
Damn. I thought nannies
were supposed to be chatty.
You're telling me.
You seem good.
I'm okay.
I heard Rip was
at the ranch this morning.
Yeah. Uh...
He can't know
that I'm not at school.
I'm not telling.
Let's go.
Shit. all right.
- Uno. dos.
- Mm-hmm.
Let's go.
Sir?
Damn. boy. you in trouble.
Oh. shit.
- Cheers.
- But it's a...
a good kind of trouble.
Oreana.
It's time to go.
Come on. let's go.
- I'm not ready.
- I wasn't asking.
No need to break balls. Cochise.
I wasn't talking to you.
Let's go.
All righty. then.
- Mary fucking Poppins. man.
- You'd think
I was the fucking
president's daughter. right?
Sorry.
Not your fault.
Ma'am.
It was nice to meet you.
Nice meeting you.
Boy.
that woman is gonna
break your heart
into a thousand pieces.
and it's gonna be
the best goddamn feeling
you ever had. you sly dog.
Cheers.
Hey. baby.
Get your horses watered.
and then we're back at it.
Hey. where the fuck's
my apology?
You looking to get
your other arm broke. boy?
I'm looking for answers
for Wes and Whitney.
- you son of a bitch.
- That beating's
all you're ever gonna get.
What'd y'all do to them?!
Get off me!
They're my friends.
motherfucker!
Ya basta. Ya. Basta.
Ya. cool off.
Like I said.
get your fucking horses watered
and then we're back at it.
Have you heard from Rip?
You don't like it.
Him working the 10-Petal?
What do you think?
But he's doing it for us.
Well. he's got a family
to take care of.
He's a lucky man.
I'm not sure about that.
That man has lost more
than he'd ever admit.
You know. he devoted his life
to the Yellowstone.
This. this place.
was supposed to be his time.
his ranch.
He is smart.
And he listens and he leads.
Beulah's the lucky one.
Beulah got you worried?
I don't fucking trust her.
Well. she is complicated.
But the truth of the matter is.
she needs a decent foreman.
She's burned through three
in the past year alone.
She won't burn through Rip.
I hope not.
She won't.
Are you ready?
I've done all I can. Beth.
She's all yours now.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Come on.
You're very welcome.
Go on.
There we go.
How long are you gonna keep up
this fugitive's life?
Huh?
Your folks ain't
changed their mind
about that school thing yet.
have they?
Well. ain't up to them.
The law says I'm a man.
Maybe they just don't want you
growing up so fast.
Growing up fast
is highly fucking overrated.
Well. either way...
no cows left to cowboy now.
What the fuck are you
talking about?
- They got sick.
- Sick how?
I don't know. but they're gone.
Shit.
That's-that's harsh.
Wish I could go back to Montana.
That's the thing.
you got time. chief.
You got time to discover
a lot of things.
You don't fucking realize
how young you are
till you get old.
and then it's too fucking late.
Why not let your folks
look after you
for a little while longer
until you get things...
or some things... figured out?
Otherwise.
you're just a fucking
day trasher without a horse.
I can fend for myself.
all right?
It's the only thing
I'm pretty good at.
All right. that's good.
Good for you.
I want you to fend for us both
while old Dwight
counts some sheep.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Come sit down.
What's your name. boy?
Austin.
Austin. who is Wes?
Buddy of mine.
He worked here. too.
And?
Man just up and disappeared.
Wife and kid's
gone missing. too.
Hmm. How long ago?
Couple weeks.
You can go on
and get cleaned up.
Go pack your shit.
Go pack your fucking shit. kid.
The Jacksons are gonna
chew you up.
spit you out.
forget you ever had a name.
Go get your pay
and get the fuck out of here.
Fuck all y'all.
Especially you.
Dwight.
Dwight!
Hey.
Oh. shit.
Fucking skunks
at our lawn party.
Goddamn it.
Motherfucker.
Hey. we gonna. we gonna be okay?
You'll be good. chief.
Just listen to your mama. Shit.
And don't be like Dwight.
Where you going?
Adios.
Ass on the floor.
- Arms and legs spread!
- Whoa!
Cocksuckers.
That's it.
Oh. shit.
Fuck... you.
Stop! Get down. I'll shoot!
Dwight.
He had a knife.
Yeah. I think he did.
Damn near cut me.
Dwight. Dwight.
- Dinner's on the table.
- Well. thank you. ma'am.
but I believe my wife's
got dinner waiting for me.
I smoked an 18-hour brisket.
Oh. yeah?
All right. well. I guess
I'll be up in a little while.
All right.
Of course you will.
You're a man with an appetite.
Why?
What happened?
You know what the fuck happened.
I did the job just
like Ms. Beulah told me.
and y'all up and replace me?
Circumstances have changed.
Well. I'll tell you what
hasn't changed.
A dead fucking cowboy
named Wes Ayers.
That sounds dangerously
close to a threat.
And you were the last one
to see him alive.
Your brother pulled the trigger.
Are you sure?
'Cause you had the gun.
It's hard to tell whose
prints they're gonna find.
You threatening me. now?
Just stating facts.
Well. here's a fact for you.
I didn't forget
about y'all's cattle.
And I didn't forget
why Wes took that bullet.
There's two ways to leave
the ranch. Chet.
Choose wisely.
Hey. honey.
Hey. Just checking on you.
You be back soon?
Nah. I'm gonna stay for dinner.
Okay.
Oh. you do what you need to do.
Yeah. I'll call you
in a few hours.
- Okay. bye.
- Love you.
Talk soon.
Dwight White was no good.
He was a drunkard. an
insurance fraudster and a thief.
The man stole from
the sick and the elderly.
He was cow shit.
Cow shit stuck to the heel
of this county's boot.
and was bound to get
scraped off one way or another.
He was my friend.
Son. I think grief
is clouding your judgment.
It's okay.
It happens to the best of us.
You killed him.
This is your second time
in my jail.
which makes you a repeat
offender like your buddy Dwight.
So I would think real hard
about where that got him.
People are gonna have
questions about that.
Smart people don't ask
dangerous questions. Carter.
How smart are you. son?
I don't want my folks to know.
Then. you weren't
at Dwight White's tonight.
You never saw a thing.
And you'll never say a word.
- And?
- The sun rises
and sets just like regular.
We left your truck
at the Chapel Trailhead.
three miles up.
You better get a move on.
So. tell me how is it.
Well. we've already
made some changes.
Mm-hmm.
Who?
Ma'am. Chet doesn't
work here any longer.
Huh.
Color me unsurprised.
He's the kind
of cowboy that. uh...
well. he poisons the well.
Ah. Chet's just over his skis.
and frankly. a stopgap
until we found
someone better like you.
Please. eat.
Thank you.
How long you been married?
- Oh. married?
- Mm-hmm.
Not very long. Just. uh.
been chasing Beth
my whole life. that's all.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Cupid's arrow
got you young. huh?
I was 15 years old.
shoveling shit
for her father when I met her.
Aw.
Bottom of the food chain.
and you wooed
John Dutton's daughter?
Well. every dog has its day.
Well. good on you.
Tell me about her.
Well. um...
Beautiful. intelligent.
Fierce.
Tender.
Raw.
A bit like you.
Cheers to that.
- Mm.
- How's 8.000 a month.
plus a truck and a house?
I don't need the truck
or the house. ma'am.
Nine thousand?
Make it 11.
Sold.
You want me
to go get my checkbook
- right now?
- Nah. go ahead
and eat first.
Just give me a minute.
You know. you start
calling me for rides.
you're gonna
have to start tipping.
What's wrong?
Come here. Come here.
It's okay. I got you.
It's okay.
Come here.
Wow.
I do not have time
for you. Joaquin.
Where's Whitney Ayers?
Still no sign of her.
But that's why
we brought this to you.
- Why we elected you.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah. she's gone.
There's no word
of her visiting kin.
There's been no phone calls.
no bank activity.
There's no LPRs
in or out of the state
from the toll roads.
You'll keep looking. Harder.
I could put
the whole station on it.
wouldn't make a damn difference.
Why is that?
With the amount
of time that's passed.
there's two possibilities.
The first is she's dead.
And the second. you're gonna
like a whole lot less.
Now. get the fuck
out of my chair.
Don't forget who paid for it.
Ma'am?
Uh-huh?
You have a visitor.
Your husband just left.
I changed my mind
about that drink.
Huh.
Oban 18.
Well. how'd you know?
We have a mutual friend.
How do you do it?
What's that?
Carry this place.
The size.
The legacy.
You know. I watched my father.
He spent his life defending
his ranch against the enemies
in and outside
of the fence line.
Oh. I have plenty of help.
But the burden of it.
that's all yours. isn't it?
But you don't carry it.
the weight of it. like him.
Thank you.
You seem unflappable.
Effortless.
Well...
...men have the luxury of being
unapologetically themselves.
For women. it's a bit
more complicated. Hmm?
It doesn't have to be.
How about you and I
speak truthfully?
All right.
We destroyed our herd.
Foot-and-mouth.
That's quite a secret
to divulge to a stranger.
I'll take the risk.
FMD could cause serious trouble
with the authorities
if they found out.
You know. there's two things
that I don't do well. Beulah.
One of them is fear.
Uh-huh. And the other?
Lose money.
My father. he. uh.
he had no interest
in monetizing his ranch.
His dream was to preserve.
To uphold a promise
and keep the place whole.
which we did. but it killed him.
I know your land is coveted.
I know people
have tried to steal it
since the fucking
Texas Revolution.
And for good reason.
But your family's blood
is in that dirt.
so I get why
you want to protect it.
I understand
the lengths you will go to
to achieve that.
In '07. you and your son.
you must've been
so fucking desperate.
you turned this place into
a game lodge for trophy hunters.
You welcomed in any son of
a bitch with a blank check
and an empty space on his wall.
In 2010. South Texas suffered
the worst drought in a century.
Turned this place
to fucking dust.
You almost lost everything.
but you didn't.
It was impressive.
But since then.
Beulah. you have been
overleveraged
and undercapitalized.
This place is
held together with tape
and baling wire.
You are easy prey.
Beulah. and you know it.
It was only a matter
of time before solar
or wind come for you.
Takes real fucking
backbone to hold your ground.
Well. I trust hiring
your husband was a step
- in the right direction.
- Mm-hmm.
Best decision you've
ever made for this place.
But it's your next one
that I'm here for.
And what's that?
Evolve or die.
Beth. this ranch
is 190 years old.
That's a legacy that's endured.
Yeah. a legacy
is a beautiful thing.
but only if it fucking survives.
What are you selling?
- Freedom.
- How?
Me.
You hire me.
In three years.
I could rebuild
this 10-Petal brand
into a household name.
A line of premium cuts.
It will be bespoke.
recession-proof.
We only target high-end buyers.
That way. we mitigate
the volatility of beef prices.
When the market dips.
your steaks
will stay steady in Vegas.
New York. L.A.
But you're gonna
need a new herd.
Your fucking Mexican Crossbreed.
they won't cut it.
I can see your story. Beulah.
I can fucking sell it.
Joaquin oversees strategy now.
Mm-hmm.
How's that working out for you?
I'm offering you an exit.
So when you are ready
to hang it up.
you can.
And I promise you. you will
have something substantial
to leave your granddaughter.
So. Everett told you more than
my favorite brand of Scotch.
No. he didn't need to.
I understand you.
You don't know me yet.
But nobody will fight
harder for you.
When I want something.
I usually get it.
Rip is foreman.
I take your steaks to market.
We manage everything for you.
What's that gonna cost me?
Well. nothing right now.
but I will want
20% of the profits.
And in five years.
Rip and I are out.
Why wouldn't I slap
Dutton Ranch on the label?
That's worth 20%.
Because my name is not for sale.
Dutton will never
be part of this deal.
Ever.
But you get me.
You get me and my services
for a song.
Why was she here?
Beth works for me now.
Are you out of your mind?
We're diversifying.
Premium certified Angus.
Ranch-to-table.
We don't invite strangers
into this business.
You're not a cattleman. Kino.
Rip Wheeler is.
Ugh. man.
And Beth.
she's a fucking Dutton.
She's like a cockroach
after an atomic bomb.
A fighter. a survivor.
The Yellowstone was
under constant assault.
She held the front line
for years.
You are making
a very dangerous assumption
about what they're willing to
or not willing to do.
Rip and Beth have secrets.
and I've learned people
with secrets can be useful.
Corruptible. even.
A horse doesn't
get the luxury of slowing down.
If he can't move. he can't work.
And if he can't work...
You got more?
...well. it doesn't last long.
Police!
¡Policía!
Shit.
Open that fucking door.
Chet Davis!
You scared the shit
out of me. brother.
I'm back in the saddle.
Ma'am.
- You gonna invite me in?
- Yeah. come in.
Well. this is delightful.
What you up to. honey?
The plan.
Mm.
If we can't afford the life
that we want right now...
Mm-hmm?
...we'll make it work together.
You give me a week.
I'll know everything there is
to know about Beulah Jackson.
Well. let me tell you
about Beulah Jackson.
About three weeks ago.
I found a dead body
on our property.
It floated over
from the 10-Petal.
I took care of it.
But we need
to be careful with this family.
Why didn't you tell me?
Peace. I guess.
Well. peace will have to wait.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-